Fixing redirection on plugin enablement (#2877)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 8.0.0 - 2024-xx-xx =

> * Fix - Wrong redirection (on admin) when test mode is enabled and the test keys are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - When toggling on the Stripe gateway from the payment methods list, don't incorrectly redirect the merchant to Stripe settings when test mode is enabled.
```
